The loading attribute on an img element can be set to lazy to tell the browser not to fetch the image resource until 
it is needed (as in, when the user scrolls the image into view). As an additional benefit, lazy loaded elements will 
not load until the non-lazy elements are loaded - this means users with slow internet connections can view the content 
of your page without having to wait for the images to load.

The Referer HTTP header contains information about the address or URL of a page that a user might be visiting from. This 
information can be used in analytics to track how many users from your page visit freecodecamp.org, for example. Setting 
the rel attribute to noreferrer omits this information from the HTTP request. Give your a element a rel attribute set to 
noreferrer.

#34
Use the minmax function to make your columns responsive on any device. The minmax function takes two arguments, the 
first being the minimum value and the second being the maximum. These values could be a length, percentage, fr, or even 
a keyword like max-content.

The object-fit property tells the browser how to position the element within its container. In this case, cover will set 
the image to fill the container, cropping as needed to avoid changing the aspect ratio.

If you wanted to add more social icons, but keep them on the same row, you would need to update grid-template-columns to 
create additional columns. As an alternative, you can use the grid-auto-flow property.

This property takes either row or column as the first value, with an optional second value of dense. grid-auto-flow uses 
an auto-placement algorithm to adjust the grid layout. Setting it to column will tell the algorithm to create new columns 
for content as needed. The dense value allows the algorithm to backtrack and fill holes in the grid with smaller items, 
which can result in items appearing out of order.

The gap property is a shorthand way to set the value of column-gap and row-gap at the same time. If given one value, it 
sets the column-gap and row-gap both to that value. If given two values, it sets the row-gap to the first value and the 
column-gap to the second.

The place-items property can be used to set the align-items and justify-items values at the same time. The place-items 
property takes one or two values. If one value is provided, it is used for both the align-items and justify-items 
properties. If two values are provided, the first value is used for the align-items property and the second value is 
used for the justify-items property.

